<!-- indexer::stop -->
<div class="<?php echo $this->class; ?> block"<?php echo $this->cssID; ?><?php if ($this->style): ?> style="<?php echo $this->style; ?>"<?php endif; ?>>
<?php if ($this->headline): ?>

<<?php echo $this->hl; ?>><?php echo $this->headline; ?></<?php echo $this->hl; ?>>
<?php endif; ?>

<div class="dlh_googlemap block" id="dlh_googlemap_<?php echo $this->map['id']; ?>" style="width:<?php echo $this->map['mapSize'][0].$this->map['mapSize'][2]; ?>;height:<?php echo $this->map['mapSize'][1].$this->map['mapSize'][2]; ?>;"><noscript><p><?php echo ($this->map['staticMapNoscript'] ? $this->map['staticMap'] : $this->labels['noscript']); ?></p></noscript></div>

<script type="text/javascript">
/* <![CDATA[ */

function gmap<?php echo $this->map['id']; ?>_initialize() {
    var gmap<?php echo $this->map['id']; ?>_Options = {

        zoom: <?php echo $this->map['zoom']; ?>
        , center: new google.maps.LatLng(<?php echo $this->map['center']; ?>)
        , mapTypeId: google.maps.MapTypeId.<?php echo $this->map['mapTypeId']; ?>
        , draggable: <?php echo $this->map['draggable']; ?>
        , disableDoubleClickZoom: <?php echo $this->map['disableDoubleClickZoom']; ?>
        , scrollwheel: <?php echo $this->map['scrollwheel']; ?>


        <?php if ($this->map['useMapTypeControl']) : ?>
        , mapTypeControl: true
        , mapTypeControlOptions: {
            style: google.maps.MapTypeControlStyle.<?php echo $this->map['mapTypeControlStyle']; ?>
            , position: google.maps.ControlPosition.<?php echo $this->map['mapTypeControlPos']; ?>
            <?php if (is_array($this->map['mapTypesAvailable'])) : ?>
            , mapTypeIds: [
                <?php foreach($this->map['mapTypesAvailable'] as $k=>$v) : ?>
                <?php if($k>0) echo ','; ?>google.maps.MapTypeId.<?php echo $v; ?>
                <?php endforeach; ?>
            ]
            <?php endif; ?>
        }
        <?php else : ?>
        , mapTypeControl: false
        <?php endif; ?>


        <?php if ($this->map['useOverviewMapControl']) : ?>
        , overviewMapControl: true
        , overviewMapControlOptions: {
            opened: <?php echo ($this->map['overviewMapControlOpened'] ? 'true':'false'); ?>
        }
        <?php else : ?>
        , overviewMapControl: false
        <?php endif; ?>


        <?php if ($this->map['useStreetViewControl']) : ?>
        , streetViewControl: true
        , streetViewControlOptions: {
            position: google.maps.ControlPosition.<?php echo $this->map['streetViewControlPos']; ?>
        }
        <?php else : ?>
        , streetViewControl: false
        <?php endif; ?>


        <?php if ($this->map['useRotateControl']) : ?>
        , rotateControl: true
        , rotateControlOptions: {
            position: google.maps.ControlPosition.<?php echo $this->map['rotateControlPos']; ?>
        }
        <?php else : ?>
        , rotateControl: false
        <?php endif; ?>


        <?php if ($this->map['usePanControl']) : ?>
        , panControl: true
        , panControlOptions: {
            position: google.maps.ControlPosition.<?php echo $this->map['panControlPos']; ?>
        }
        <?php else : ?>
        , panControl: false
        <?php endif; ?>


        <?php if ($this->map['useZoomControl']) : ?>
        , zoomControl: true
        , zoomControlOptions: {
            style: google.maps.ZoomControlStyle.<?php echo $this->map['zoomControlStyle']; ?>,
            position: google.maps.ControlPosition.<?php echo $this->map['zoomControlPos']; ?>
        }
        <?php else : ?>
        , zoomControl: false
        <?php endif; ?>


        <?php if ($this->map['useScaleControl']) : ?>
        , scaleControl: true
        , scaleControlOptions: {
            position: google.maps.ControlPosition.<?php echo $this->map['scaleControlPos']; ?>
        }
        <?php else : ?>
        , scaleControl: false
        <?php endif; ?>


        <?php if ($this->map['parameter']) : ?>
        , <?php echo $this->map['parameter']; ?>
        <?php endif; ?>

    };

    google.maps.event.addDomListener(window, 'resize', function() {
        var center = gmap<?=$this->map['id'];?>.getCenter();
 
        google.maps.event.trigger(gmap<?=$this->map['id'];?>, 'resize');
        gmap<?=$this->map['id'];?>.setCenter(center);
    });

    var gmap<?php echo $this->map['id']; ?> = new google.maps.Map(document.getElementById("dlh_googlemap_<?php echo $this->map['id']; ?>"), gmap<?php echo $this->map['id']; ?>_Options);
    var gmap<?php echo $this->map['id']; ?>_markers = [];

    <?php if ($this->map['moreParameter']) : echo $this->map['moreParameter']; endif; ?>

    <?php
    // Auto-generated map elements
    foreach($this->map['elements'] AS $element) : echo $element['parsed']; endforeach; ?>

    if(window.gmap<?php echo $this->map['id']; ?>_dynmap){
        gmap<?php echo $this->map['id']; ?>_dynmap(gmap<?php echo $this->map['id']; ?>);
    }

    <?php if($this->map['useClusterer']): ?>
    var gmap<?php echo $this->map['id']; ?>_markerCluster = new MarkerClusterer(gmap<?php echo $this->map['id']; ?>, gmap<?php echo $this->map['id']; ?>_markers, {imagePath: '<?php echo $this->map[clusterImg]; ?>/m'});
    <?php endif; ?>

    <?php 
    // tabcontrol
    echo $this->tabs ? $this->map['tabsCode'] : ''; ?>

}

if(window.addEvent) {
    window.addEvent('domready', function() {
        gmap<?php echo $this->map['id']; ?>_initialize();
    });
} else if(typeof jQuery == "function") {
    jQuery(document).ready(function(){
        gmap<?php echo $this->map['id']; ?>_initialize();
    });
} else {
    window.setTimeout("gmap<?php echo $this->map['id']; ?>_initialize()", 500);
}

/* ]]> */
</script>

</div>
<!-- indexer::continue -->